Improve docs (#68)
appuio/openshift4-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/how-tos/cloudscale/install.adoc

* `docker`
* `mc` https://docs.min.io/docs/minio-client-quickstart-guide.html[Minio client] (aliased to `mc` if necessary)
* `jq`

> * `yq` https://mikefarah.gitbook.io/yq[yq YAML processor] (Minimum version 4)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `yq` https://mikefarah.gitbook.io/yq[yq YAML processor] (version 4 or higher)
```

These are the only steps which aren't idempotent and have to be completed uninterrupted in one go.
If you have to recreate the install config or any of the generated manifests you need to rerun all of the subsequent steps.

[NOTE]
--

> You can add options to the `install-config.yaml` as per upstream configuration. Have a look at the https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.5/installing/installing_bare_metal/installing-bare-metal.html#installation-bare-metal-config-yaml_installing-bare-metal[config example].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can add options to the `install-config.yaml` as per upstream configuration.
Have a look at the https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.5/installing/installing_bare_metal/installing-bare-metal.html#installation-bare-metal-config-yaml_installing-bare-metal[config example].
```

New line per sentences as per https://syn.tools/syn/references/style-guide.html#_asciidoc_style

Reviewer: I'm having a hard time understanding "as per upstream configuration"...
Doesn't sound like proper English to me. What did you mean? "Similar to...", something else?
Prolly best to reword this sentence

Author: I have updated the sentence, please let me know if this is more understandable.

These are the only steps which aren't idempotent and have to be completed uninterrupted in one go.
If you have to recreate the install config or any of the generated manifests you need to rerun all of the subsequent steps.

[NOTE]
--
You can add more options to the `install-config.yaml` file. 

> Have a look at the https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.5/installing/installing_bare_metal/installing-bare-metal.html#installation-bare-metal-config-yaml_installing-bare-metal[config example] for more information.

Reviewer: Should we go for 4.6 already?

Author: You have to tell me, current setups are still done in 4.5 as far as I am aware.

Reviewer 2: I have had the same thought but No, not yet. I will change that as part of my current task.

pushd "inventory/classes/${TENANT_ID}/"

> yq eval -i ".classes +=  \"${TENANT_ID}.openshift4\"" \

Reviewer 2: Please update the requirments within that document. State the minimal `yq` version required.

pushd "inventory/classes/${TENANT_ID}/"

yq eval -i ".classes +=  \"${TENANT_ID}.openshift4\"" \
  ${CLUSTER_ID}.yml

yq eval -i ".parameters.openshift.infraID = \"$(jq -r .infraID ../../../target/metadata.json)\"" \
  ${CLUSTER_ID}.yml

yq eval -i ".parameters.openshift.clusterID = \"$(jq -r .clusterID ../../../target/metadata.json)\"" \
  ${CLUSTER_ID}.yml

yq eval -i ".parameters.openshift.appsDomain = \"apps.${CLUSTER_ID}.${BASE_DOMAIN}\"" \
  ${CLUSTER_ID}.yml

yq eval -i ".parameters.openshift4_cloudscale.variables.base_domain = \"${BASE_DOMAIN}\"" \
  ${CLUSTER_ID}.yml

yq eval -i ".parameters.openshift4_cloudscale.variables.ignition_ca = \"${CA_CERT}\"" \
  ${CLUSTER_ID}.yml

yq eval -i ".parameters.vshnLdap.serviceId = \"${LDAP_ID}\"" \
  ${CLUSTER_ID}.yml

> # Have a look at the file ${CLUSTER_ID}.yml, you can check if you want to add any specific instructions other than default values
> # or add component configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Have a look at the file ${CLUSTER_ID}.yml.
# Override any default parameters or add more component configuration.
```
